What is an Australian? This is a complex question which to a lot of people has been brought to the top of many peoples minds with the
recent voice referendum discussion. To many what it means to be Australian is to be a white anglo saxon male who drinks a metric f**k ton
of alcohol. But Australia as a large multicultural country has many different cultures and subcultures within it. One of these said subcultures
is the so called bogan subculture. This group of white predominantly male people spend huge amounts of time drinking and doing other stupid
things. The large majority of these people are racist, sexist, homophobic, transphobic, and grew up with christian or catholic baby boomer
parents. This is just one example of the rich subcultures of the Australian people. There are many different subcultures in Australia which
help to make it such an enriching place to live. These include immigrants from our close neighbors in South East Asia or the Indian Subcontinent
the indigenous people of our lands and the different groups which have emerged from the first Europeans to settle here in the 18th and 19th
century.

What an Australian is relative to the first nations people of  our country. To many first nations people all other people within the country are just invaders or immigrants. 
This is from an empirical perspective completely true. Australia is a nation of immigrants with an increasingly small population of first
nations people. This of course raises a debate for many people. If they make up such a small portion of our population then why should we 
accommodate for these people especially many people will say. These people will provide this as an argument against things such as the voice
referendum. This is of course a terrible argument which can be very quickly and easily debunked. Study after study shows that first nations 
people despite making up an increasingly small portion of our population make up larger and larger proportions of our prison populations or 
the number of people who die in custody. They also make up larger and larger groups of people with crime or alcohol problems. This is something
that needs to be addressed as it has traceable roots in the actions of us as immigrants to this country. The established system in this country
has caused all of this since the founding of our country as a European style state. This means that it is crucially important we address this 
stuff at the highest level of government to try and undo some of the incredible damage we have caused. Apart from this we must also consider 
the culture of the  different colonizers and immigrants to this country. 

The currently dominant culture in our nation is that of the initial colonizers of the Australian mainlands. Despite the first traceable
European discovery of Australia being Dutch the initial colonizers of Australia where actually British. This can be greatly seen in our history
and also our current nation. The most obvious example is the dominant language and religion groups in Australia. It is easy to see that the 
most commonly spoken language in Australia is English. Nearly all citizens of this country speak it. Something slightly harder to see is the 
dominant religion in Australia. The most common religion in Australia is Christianity. This is due to the fact that the majority of initial and
even many later settlers where christian. Coming from the United Kingdom primarily they where most often either roman catholic or church of
England protestant. This has had a huge impact on things such as the way the constitution was written and the way the "traditional value system"
of our country have been formed. A lot of the culture in our country such as the very commonly celebrated Christmas and Easter come straight
from Christianity. While the initial settlers had a huge impact on our country and even its future immigration until the abolition of the white
Australia Act there have been many other immigrants with the percentage of people being born outside of Australia being around 34% according to
the 2016 essay most of them not coming from the UK. So what affect have this huge group immigrants had on our culture

The amount of Australians born in Australia holds a majority but that majority is not enormous. It begins looking even smaller maybe even a 
minority if we include people with parents born overseas. Second generation immigrants or third generation immigrants are extremely common in
this country. This has a huge impact on the culture of Australia. The population of immigrants has enriched the food we eat, the holidays we 
celebrate and of course the way we see the rest of the world. But like the way all light creates shadow the existence of so many immigrants 
in this country is the perfect breeding ground for reactionary movements, ideas and politics. This culture of reactionaries is much too common
in todays society. It is only made worse by things such as the Liberal Party, One Nation and National Party spreading these ideas whenever 
someone else introduces a progressive bill and the largest news media groups in the country being a force for reactionary and regressive ideas.
But this is a fault many other countries suffer and is in no way unique to Australia. Something that is much more unique is the way we celebrate 
holidays from so many cultures and incorporate so many different traditional cooking styles into our own. The way that Australia instead of 
suppressing other cultures as some groups would desire we instead embrace other cultures to enrich our own. Why? Because in the end we are a
nation of immigrants. For most of us its not even that far back you need to go. For others we go generations back on this land. And for some we 
go up to 60,000 years back on this land that we all call home.